# Panda-Robot-Arm---Dart-Throwing
Project Description: Project DartBot is the culmination of our team’s work in CS225A: Experimental Robotics. Throughout the quarter, we learned to control robots to execute precise motions within a finite workplace. For our final, we sought to expand our knowledge by taking on a new challenge within the field of robotic control. We aimed to apply our skills to a challenge that we would further find fun and meaningful. This project was inspired by one of our favorite local bars, The Rose & Crown. This bar has an area for people to play darts and regularly hosts friendly competitions for its patrons. We wondered what it would be like if a robot were to play the game, so “DartBot” was born. While the initial goal was to have our robot play an actual game of darts, this proved to be infeasible for the scope of this class because training the robot to hit all of the different point values on the board would be extremely difficult. It would require different trajectories for each spot on the board, some training for it to play for an optimal scoring sequence, and a complex user interface to input everything and make it interactive. As we iterated through ideas for how to implement our project, we landed on our own “dart game” that we tailored to the robot’s capabilities and fit the class’s scope. Our game allows a user to select different difficulty levels corresponding to different distances between the robot and the dartboard. The novel part of our project is that the robot can throw a dart and hit the bullseye at any given distance. 

# Code 

Controller.cpp : This C++ code works on controlling the robot panda arm 

Simviz.cpp: This C++ code creates the simulation environment and simulation results of the controller so it can be tested outside of the real-world.
